You shameless thing
There was such a big commotion today
How big is the person who let you lose the pine tree?
Apologize to him, I'm right
That's the lesson.
You don't know what's good
He lost face in front of the wealthy families of Sea City
This is to tell you to make a scene at the venue
Now Mr. Shen is not coming
An opportunity to embarrass our Su family
Mom, don't call me mom
It's okay to lose money, don't hit it.
Since this wild master entered our Su family
Just keep getting bad luck
He's a disaster
Somebody kick him out for me
The clothes on him are also from our Su family.
Strip him naked and throw him out
It is so nice of you.
let go
Let go of me!
What are you watching me do?
Keep you honest
Give you face
If you don't come or leave, I'll hit you
let go
Think I'll go
But you broke my fish.
i
Here you are.
Oops, you've got the wrong number.
Calm down prodigal girls
You know you hurt our Su family this time
How much did you lose?
Sir, this belongs to Miss Jiang Li
There is a diary of his
And some take away and show me what these are for
All bad luck
Wait a minute.
diary
I have a brother at the orphanage today
What is it called?
What is the richest man in the world?
That's impossible.
That must be smart.
What nonsense are you talking about, Yaruo?
How could that little bitch know the richest man in the world?
Ah, let's talk about Mr. Shen?
How could he have been in an orphanage?
It must be the same name
The image of Shenmo has been exposed according to reliable sources
Shenmo will change it to
Is looking for recording
A childhood sweetheart who grew up in an orphanage
The two of them had already settled down at the orphanage
This time I went back to the orphanage to promise calmly
Isn't this the waiter from yesterday?
Ah, Mr. Shen, the richest man in the world
Joey, this bitch, actually knows Mr. Shen